Add underline support to createTipTapRichTextBlock (#6040)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/tiptap-underline-support.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
"@comet/cms-api": minor
"@comet/site-react": minor
"@comet/site-nextjs": minor
---

Add `underline` support to `createTipTapRichTextBlock`

> The `underline` inline style is now part of the standard `supports` list and can be toggled via a new toolbar button. The underline mark is validated by the API, rendered as `<u>` by `renderTipTapRichText`, and the DraftJS migration maps the `UNDERLINE` inline style to it when supported. Per default it is disabled, pass a `supports` list with `underline` to enable it.

Reviewer: The standard doesn't make sense too me:

```suggestion
The `underline` inline style is now part of the `supports` list and can be toggled via a new toolbar button. The underline mark is validated by the API, rendered as `<u>` by `renderTipTapRichText`, and the DraftJS migration maps the `UNDERLINE` inline style to it when supported. Per default it is disabled, pass a `supports` list with `underline` to enable it.
```

> The `underline` inline style is now part of the standard `supports` list (enabled by default, like `bold`, `italic`, and `strike`) and can be toggled via a new toolbar button. The underline mark is validated by the API, rendered as `<u>` by `renderTipTapRichText`, and the DraftJS migration maps the `UNDERLINE` inline style to it when supported. Pass a `supports` list without `underline` to disable it.

Reviewer: The changeset needs to be adapted as well.

Author: ```suggestion
The `underline` inline style is now part of the standard `supports` list and can be toggled via a new toolbar button. The underline mark is validated by the API, rendered as `<u>` by `renderTipTapRichText`, and the DraftJS migration maps the `UNDERLINE` inline style to it when supported. Per default it is disabled, pass a `supports` list with `underline` to enable it.
```
